Update README.md (#5167)
demisto/dockerfiles: README.md

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome and appreciated. To contribute follow the [Getting Started](#getting-started) section and submit a PR. 

In order to conntribute, we will need all contributors to sign a contributor license agreement. By signing a contributor license agreement, we ensure that the community is free to use your contributions.

When opening a new pull request, a bot will evaluate whether you have signed the CLA. If required, the bot will comment on the pull request, including a link to accept the agreement. The CLA document is also available for review as a [PDF](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/docs/cla.pdf).
Visit our [Frequently Asked Questions](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/concepts/faq#cla-is-pending-even-though-i-signed-the-agreement) article for CLA related issues.

> After opening your docker pull request, and in order for the reviewer to understand the context, make sure to attach the corresponding pull request form the [Conntent](https://github.com/demisto/content) repo where this docker image will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After opening your docker pull request, and in order for the reviewer to understand the context, make sure to link to the corresponding pull request from the [Content](https://github.com/demisto/content) repo where this docker image will be used.
```
